#####IMPORTANT: for better problem identifer i use runserver_plus(django_extensions) instead of runserver

#note: Always check the type of error you are encountering and try to understand the root cause of the error before trying to fix it. This will help you to find the most appropriate solution for the problem and avoid making unnecessary changes to your code or settings. Additionally, always make sure to test your changes in a development environment before deploying them to production to ensure that they do not cause any unintended consequences or issues with your application.

problem:Response to request with pk 5276178c-dfaa-4d3a-965e-6b47971fa174 has content type text/javascript but was unable to parse it

problem:text/javascript or JSON Parse Error(404(mostly) error in each request of the server)

sol:python manage.py makemigrations,python manage.py migrate



problem:when we migrate or change the settings of settings file or change DB settings and we want our old data rather than new data DB

sol:in BASE_DIR = Path(__file__).resolve().parent.parent.parent 
explaintion: The BASE_DIR variable is used to define the base directory of the project. It is typically set to the parent directory of the current file (which is usually the settings file). By using Path(__file__).resolve().parent.parent.parent, we are navigating up three levels from the current file's location to reach the base directory of the project. This allows us to access other files and directories within the project structure, such as the database file or other configuration files.
    the last parent points to last parent of the project which is the main folder of the project and the first parent points to the settings file and the second parent points to the folder which contains the settings file and other files like urls.py, wsgi.py, asgi.py etc. so by using this we can access our old data in DB rather than new data DB when we change the settings or migrate.



problem:Not Found: /.well-known/appspecific/com.chrome.devtools.json

solution:its a dev-tool error in chrome so ignore it and it means there is no such endpointapi or route!



problem:cant parse the response of the server in the browser and it shows text/javascript or JSON Parse Error

solution:This error occurs when the server is returning a response with a content type of text/javascript, but the browser is unable to parse it as JavaScript or JSON. This can happen if the server is returning an error page (like a 404 Not Found) instead of the expected JavaScript or JSON response. To fix this issue, you can check the server logs to see if there are any errors being thrown when handling the request. Additionally, you can use browser developer tools to inspect the network requests and responses to identify any issues with the content being returned by the server.




problem:when we acces the log file without making the propogate true we need to set the root as a handler rather than django!,as root is a default logger that is used when no other logger is specified. By setting the root logger as a handler, we can ensure that all log messages are captured and written to the log file, regardless of which logger is being used in the code. This allows us to see all log messages in the log file, including those from the Django framework itself, which can be helpful for debugging and troubleshooting issues with the server.

solution:In the logging configuration, we need to set the root logger as a handler rather than the django logger. This is because the root logger is the default logger that is used when no other logger is specified. By setting the root logger as a handler, we can ensure that all log messages are captured and written to the log file, regardless of which logger is being used in the code. This allows us to see all log messages in the log file, including those from the Django framework itself, which can be helpful for debugging and troubleshooting issues with the server.



problem: u'rest_framework' is not a registered namespace

solution: see man just connect the urls of rest_framework in the main urls.py file of the project and make sure to include the namespace in the urls.py file of the app where you are using the rest_framework.
